lib: multicell_location: Add Polte location service support (#5879)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/networking/multicell_location.rst

When the location service has resolved the location based on the cell measurements provided in the request, it sends back an HTTP response to the device.
After receiving the HTTP response, the Multicell location library parses the response and returns the location to the caller.

> The library supports location services from `nRF Cloud Location Services`_, `HERE Positioning`_ (v1 and v2), `Skyhook Precision Location`_ and `Polte Location API`_.

Reviewer: Could we list these as bullet points?

To enable the multicell location library, enable the :kconfig:`CONFIG_MULTICELL_LOCATION` Kconfig option.

> The user must select nRF Cloud, HERE, Skyhook or Polte location services using one of the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select nRF Cloud, HERE, Skyhook or Polte location services using one of the following options:
```

*  :kconfig:`CONFIG_MULTICELL_LOCATION_SERVICE_NRF_CLOUD`
*  :kconfig:`CONFIG_MULTICELL_LOCATION_SERVICE_HERE`
*  :kconfig:`CONFIG_MULTICELL_LOCATION_SERVICE_SKYHOOK`
*  :kconfig:`CONFIG_MULTICELL_LOCATION_SERVICE_POLTE`.

The next required step is to configure the authentication method.
By default, API key is used for HERE, Skyhook and Polte (needs also customer ID).
A JSON Web Token (JWT) signed by the device's private key is used for nRF Cloud.

> Depending on the selected service, some of the options below should be configured:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the selected service, configure some of these options:
```

Author: Done

> To enable the multicell location library, enable the :kconfig:`CONFIG_MULTICELL_LOCATION` Kconfig option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the multicell location library, enable the :kconfig:`CONFIG_MULTICELL_LOCATION` Kconfig option.
```

Author: Fixed

Select nRF Cloud, HERE, Skyhook or Polte location services using one of the following options:

*  :kconfig:`CONFIG_MULTICELL_LOCATION_SERVICE_NRF_CLOUD`
*  :kconfig:`CONFIG_MULTICELL_LOCATION_SERVICE_HERE`
*  :kconfig:`CONFIG_MULTICELL_LOCATION_SERVICE_SKYHOOK`

> *  :kconfig:`CONFIG_MULTICELL_LOCATION_SERVICE_POLTE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  :kconfig:`CONFIG_MULTICELL_LOCATION_SERVICE_POLTE`
```
This is real nit-picking, sorry.
